ATH-200 SSO Page Update (#1607)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/enterprise/tech-overview/security/sso.md

5. Once we have the above information, we can send our SAML `metadata.xml` file containing EntityId, Signing Key and Urls.

> When this setup is complete, you will be provided with a unique login URL per each environment (Codat instance) to be used for logging in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this setup is complete, we will provide you with a unique login URL to be use for logging in. This should be used instead of the normal Codat Portal login page.
```

Author: Changed! Thanks
